Brother Ye Juan
Shh, shh, we seem to have been kidnapped.
Kidnapping why how do I know
I just woke up
But I read countless articles
The experience of reading the text has taught me
When I woke up, the room was changed, not in the hospital
Is kidnapped
Who is that?
Your Highness
Please change. Do the new clothes look good?
Sister, it's the first time I see you so happy.
It's been two years, and I only have a few clothes.
I washed, I wore, I washed, I wore, I washed.
I went to town to buy the same style.
It's killing me.
Your Highness, please follow me to meet the elders of the clan
Hi.
It seems that His Highness' cultivation and skills have not been restored
It doesn't matter if it hasn't recovered yet
Start practicing today
Maintain the cultivation base of the Mending Heaven Formation Eye
I have a little question I would like to ask
You tied me up
Well, I mean, you invited me here.
To fix that eye
Because I am His Highness
Exactly.
I will inform you in detail when His Royal Highness is a Xianxia
Then can I think
I can't just leave here anymore
Your job
I mean can you get someone else to do this job?
Your Highness
As the purest of Nuwa's descendants
There is no more suitable candidate than Nian
And the next tribulation will be successful
Empress is also possible
Do I have holidays?
Of course not.
I want to fight again
Your Highness, this is um um um
I smoke, don't I continue to work 007?